[sncli]
cfg_sn_username                     = ask1234560@gmail.com
cfg_sn_password_eval                = pass simplenote-ask1234560


cfg_db_path                         = /home/ananthu/.config/simplenote
cfg_format_note_title               = %11D %-N %F %T
cfg_format_strftime                 = %b %d
kb_help                             = ?
kb_quit                             = h
kb_view_note_ext                    = enter
kb_view_note                        = l
kb_view_log                         = meta l
cfg_status_bar                      = no

clr_default_fg                      = default
clr_default_bg                      = default
clr_status_bar_fg                   = default
clr_status_bar_bg                   = default
clr_log_fg                          = dark gray
clr_log_bg                          = default
clr_user_input_bar_fg               = default
clr_user_input_bar_bg               = default
clr_note_focus_fg                   = light blue
clr_note_focus_bg                   = default
clr_note_title_day_fg               = default
clr_note_title_day_bg               = default
clr_note_title_week_fg              = default
clr_note_title_week_bg              = default
clr_note_title_month_fg             = default
clr_note_title_month_bg             = default
clr_note_title_year_fg              = default
clr_note_title_year_bg              = default
clr_note_title_ancient_fg           = default
clr_note_title_ancient_bg           = default
clr_note_date_fg                    = default
clr_note_date_bg                    = default
clr_note_flags_fg                   = dark magenta
clr_note_flags_bg                   = default
clr_note_tags_fg                    = dark red
clr_note_tags_bg                    = default
clr_note_content_fg                 = default
clr_note_content_bg                 = default
clr_note_content_focus_fg           = light blue
clr_note_content_focus_bg           = default
clr_note_content_old_fg             = yellow
clr_note_content_old_bg             = dark gray
clr_note_content_old_focus_fg       = light blue
clr_note_content_old_focus_b        = light red
clr_help_focus_fg                   = light blue
clr_help_focus_bg                   = default
clr_help_header_fg                  = dark blue
clr_help_header_bg                  = default
clr_help_config_fg                  = dark green
clr_help_config_bg                  = default
clr_help_value_fg                   = dark red
clr_help_value_bg                   = default
clr_help_descr_fg                   = default
clr_help_descr_bg                   = default
